crypto.ecdsa: improvement to safety checking, unified signing (and verifying) api to accept options. (#23463)
vlang/v: vlib/crypto/ecdsa/README.md

`ecdsa` module for V language. Its a wrapper on top of openssl ecdsa functionality.
Its currently (expanded) to support the following curves:

- NIST P-256 curve, commonly referred as prime256v1 or secp256r1
- NIST P-384 curve, commonly referred as secp384r1 
- NIST P-521 curve, commonly referred as secp521r1
- A famous Bitcoin curve, commonly referred as secp256k1

# Example

> ```codeblock

Reviewer: Instead of `codeblock`, use `v` here.
The benefit is that the tool `v check-md .` will will check the example on the CI,
and that way it will be kept valid, and also consistent with the rest of the V examples in documentation (formatted, vetted, etc).

Author: Okey .. would be changed

import crypto.ecdsa

fn main() {
	// create default NIST P-256 secp256r1 curve key pair

>     // If you wish generate another curve, use following manner (or similar): `pbkey, pvkey := ecdsa.generate_key(nid: .secp521r1)!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If you wish to generate another curve, use: `pbkey, pvkey := ecdsa.generate_key(nid: .secp521r1)!`
```

Author: Its done

	pbkey, pvkey := ecdsa.generate_key()!

	message_tobe_signed := 'Hello ecdsa'.bytes()

> 	// create signature with recommended hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// create a signature with the recommended hash
```

Author: Done

> 	signature := pvkey.sign(message_tobe_signed, hash_config: .with_recommended_hash)!

Reviewer: afaik, `hash_config` already has a default of `.with_recommended_hash`.
Why not just skip it?

Reviewer: i.e.:
```suggestion
	signature := pvkey.sign(message_tobe_signed)!
```

Author: Its changed to `.with_no_hash` to align with the current `.sign()` work

> 	// verified the message with signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// verify the message with the signature
```

Author: Its done
